RHIDP-2567 - Improve content in Chapter 2 of Configuring Dynamic Plugins guide (#795)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/dynamic-plugins/assembly-installing-rhdh-plugins.adoc

You can use the dynamic plugins that come preinstalled with {product} or install external dynamic plugins from a public NPM registry.

[TIP]
====
In your plugins configuration file, for preinstalled plugins, use the path specified in the preinstalled plugins tables in the link:{plugins-ref-book-url}#rhdh-supported-plugins[{plugins-ref-book-title}]. 

> For external dynamic plugins that you download from a NPM registry, use the plugin ID in your plugins configuration file.

Reviewer: Do you think we should add a link to our third-party plugin docs here?
```suggestion
Use the plugin ID in your plugins' configuration file for external dynamic plugins that you download from an NPM registry.
```

> Use the plugin ID in your plugins' configuration file for external dynamic plugins that you download from an NPM registry.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's that simple. How does RHDH find your downloaded plugin? Doesn't it need to be in the cluster somehow for this to work? @batzionb what advice do you give to Orchestrator plugin users?

Reviewer 3: I would consider providing an example for each scenario to make it crystal clear what changes have to be made.
